= Wikilog =

Wikilog is a MediaWiki extension that enhances the wiki software with some
common blogging features, making it a wiki-blog-forum hybrid.

This is a version heavily modified by Mediawiki4Intranet project, home page is:

  http://wiki.4intra.net/Wikilog

Version control access and issue tracking are available on github:

  https://github.com/mediawiki4intranet/Wikilog

Information about previous versions can be found on:

  http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Wikilog
  http://groups.google.com/group/mediawiki-wikilog

= Important: Original version notice =

Original version of Wikilog was abandoned in 2012 by Juliano F. Ravasi.

However, there is still a version of Wikilog (named 1.3.0) available in official
Wikimedia repositories (https://phabricator.wikimedia.org/r/branch/mediawiki/extensions/Wikilog,
https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-extensions-Wikilog).

We DO NOT recommend using it, because nobody develops it or adds new features,
there are only Wikimedia developers who are replacing deprecated API calls with
their newer versions.

= Requirements =

* MediaWiki 1.19-1.27, or Mediawiki4Intranet 1.18.
* A MySQL or PostgreSQL database backend.
* ParserFunctions extension.

= Installation =

* Download the extension and install it as `./extensions/Wikilog`
* Backup your database and local configuration, it is always a good idea
* Add minimal configuration to your LocalSettings.php (100 should be the first unused in your wiki namespace number):
  require_once( 'extensions/Wikilog/Wikilog.php' );
  Wikilog::setupBlogNamespace( 100 );
* (Optional) You can override some configuration from WikilogDefaultSettings.php
* Run the `php maintenance/update.php` script in order to create or update the tables used by the extension.

== Updating ==

* Update code in `extensions/Wikilog`
* Run `php maintenance/update.php` to upgrade DB structure. Some updates
  may not need it, but an extra run will never harm :)

If you are upgrading to MediaWiki4Intranet Wikilog from the original version of Wikilog
taken from the official repositories (see "Original version notice" above), or from
MediaWiki4Intranet Wikilog older than 9 Oct 2013, AND you have you should also run:

  php maintenance/patchSql.php extensions/Wikilog/archives/fill-wikilog-comment-meta.sql

in your Wiki document root. This command should be only run once.

= General notes =

Check the file RELEASE-NOTES.mediawiki for important notes and upgrade procedures for the current version of Wikilog.

= MediaWiki4Intranet =

MediaWiki4Intranet is a MediaWiki bundled together with many useful extensions.
It includes this Wikilog version, as well.

  http://wiki.4intra.net/Mediawiki4Intranet

= License =

Wikilog is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html
